# Project: My portfolio
This project was about following a design example to create my own portfolio. The structure, fonts and proportions were set from start but I made my own choices with colours, hover effects, images etc. The webpage should also be accessible, i.e. it should be possible to read with screenreader, have good colour contrast and have semantiv html.

# Design
This project took a long time since it included a lot of elements and a lot of design to get right. The design example was in Figma and it was not exact in all measurements, but more like a sketch. So I had to make choices on which measurements to use. 

# Accessibility
I tested my page with WAVE (web accessibility evaluation tool) and Webaim contrast checker. I also used a validator from W3C Markup Validation Service and corrected the faults that appeared. I tried using the Chromebook built-in screenreader and it worked alright. I also tried screenreader NVDA on another computer with Windows. It worked, except the screenreaders stopped reading at certain words and I couldn't see why. I had to tap the down arrow again for it to continue. I also tried tabbing around the page and it revealed that I had elements that were links but not focusable, for example the featured projects "cards". I had put a link pseudoelement on top of the "card" and that wasn't focusable. I went to a classmates project and found that she had instead wrapped the link element around the whole "card". So I changed to that structure and then the tabbing worked. I also found out that opening links in a new tab is less accessible so I removed that feature from my page. I have looked at the webpage in Chrome on a Chromebook as well as in Microsoft Edge and Mozilla Firefox on a PC with Windows. I also tried it in my Android phone and in my work Iphone. The link hover state showed on tap on the Iphone. On the Android tapping a link sometimes showed the active state and sometimes the hover state. In the Samsung Browser on my Android Samsung phone I noticed a the span with class blog-entry-more-text had a different font than it should. So I specified the font-family for that class and then it worked.  

# Deployed project
See live webpage: https://linnea-helen.netlify.app/ 